When a program executes it has two ways to remember things.
The heap and the stack the heap is usually where we store variables that we assign values to and the
stack is usually where we keep track of our function calls.
Sometimes we want to optimize for using less memory instead of using less time talking about memory
or space complexity.
Is very similar to talking about the time cost.
We simply look at the total size relative to the size of the input and see how many new variables or
new memory we're allocating.
How much memory is being used.
So let's look at an example.
Up to this point we've talked about time complexity and how if we want to compress let's say some boxes
we just talked about how fast and how many operations this would take.
But in real life there's this other factor of memory and we have this pink little box of how much this
function can take how much input it's able to take.
For example if we had eight hundred of boxes that we have to create to run this function well has limited
capacity and it might overflow.
By the way things like Stack Overflow is something we're going to be talking about and how it's an issue
when it comes to memory something we'll cover when we get into recursion.
What causes this space complexity.
Well luckily for you I added this to our chichi.
What causes space complexity while adding variables adding data structures like arrays objects hash
tables again things will talk about function calls and allocations.
You don't need this PIERI.
But let's actually code something and show you an example in the next video.
We'll go through some space complexity exercises and figure out how we can give the go notation to the
subject.